This is a head-gum original.
I think that's the whole clip. I think he made it shorter. You can't not laugh at a fall.
Because laugh is fall backwards.
You've had every emotion and we're only 41 seconds deep.
Pace yourself.
Pace your fucking attitude.
Blumenfeld.
Yeah.
If I've had it, fall down.
Get up.
Laugh.
Everybody.
Let's go to my guest video.
Let's get a story now!
Johnny Villam Sacks.
Ricka Brownlee on the facts.
That means I'm on a point to you, Ricka.
We're giving meaning to this intro now.
If I point to you and I say, let's get a number crunch on that.
I need you to Google it. Is that fine?
All right.
A number crunch?
What?
Nothing.
A number crunch?
Yeah. Let's do the math on that.
But it's really like Googling.
You know, did Dwight L. Moody even gelicize anything.
Okay.
All right.
Left.
It's okay to laugh.
So we're recording this whole.
Yeah.
We're going to upload this whole thing, not just the best clips of other.
Whole thing.
Okay.
Less edited than ever before.
Yeah.
The people that know how much of a shit show this really is.
The James cut.
And now.
You got him already out there.
Uh, vanilla sweet cream cold brew from Starbucks.
The cold foam?
Mm-hmm.
Not cold foam.
Just the, it's like vanilla ice cream melted into a coffee.
Okay.
Guards?
What I need from you guys for the rest of this episode and let's just all.
If you can't handle this, then get out and I will get someone else from the headgum team on this record.
Because this is the first video episode.
Like Rico is saying, which means we can't edit out the zoom delay like we normally do.
I need you guys to be fucking on it today.
I need the rhythm of this to be the rhythm of the rise.
Right?
It needs to have the energy of that one episode we did over video.
We're a mirror to the arms be bit.
Yeah.
I'm spit.
Don't set it up to fail.
You're basically, you're like a, you're a pinch runner and you're pointing to the fucking left field.
Like we can't necessarily pull that off.
So don't put that pressure on us.
Everybody.
Yeah.
Are we going to get copyright infringement on YouTube?
No.
All right.
I mean, maybe.
Yeah.
In which first episode goes up, the audio is out immediately.
It's quite nice coming for us.
Nineteen flags as to stole and copyright content.
Yeah.
But in that case, I'll just record a version of it where I'm like, everybody, everybody.
Let's get into it.
Get stopped.
No.
And then Ferris will edit that in and then we'll figure that out.
What's that?
I said, yeah.
I'm just agreed.
Okay.
I didn't hear.
Anyway, intro the show, I guess.
I haven't really said who's on yet.
You saw the show.
Yeah, I'll just start yelling.
I said, I said, Maria could brownie on the facts.
And then a mirror blue and feld bring it up the rear.
What are your thoughts on that, Maria?
I don't like that.
I'm stumbled on my last name.
Yeah.
Fine.
Let's get it clean.
And we can't edit it out again because we have to edit this way less.
Yeah.
So we have to.
Let's get it.
Sure.
Get it clean.
Yeah.
Don't really exist on air.
Right.
You're right.
Go for it.
And a mirror blue and feld bring it up the rear.
Thanks.
Happy to be here, guys.
Who?
We get sorry.
Who's that?
Who's notification was that?
Uh, me.
I got an email.
Absolutely.
Put it on.
Absolutely mute all devices.
This is already a train wreck.
I don't understand.
We're having so much fun already.
It feels like there's like steam rolling over.
No, there's so much pressure on this because like.
Yeah.
You fucking started it that way.
You said let's have a great episode.
One of the best.
I want the energy to be like when I did this one thing once.
And now you're worried that there's too much pressure.
Just have a nice organic episode.
The pressures on either way because we're doing these video episodes so that we
can do what all these other successful podcasts are doing.
Putting up clips on TikTok, putting it the whole thing up on YouTube and people have
been begging for episodes over video on this show for months.
Right?
So there's already hype surrounding this.
There's already pressure under pressure.
You can't handle it, man.
It's real obvious that you're already cracking.
I'm worried about the next 40 minutes.
Just shake it out.
Let's just shake it out, everybody.
We're fine.
You're the one who needs to shake it out.
All right.
Any dreams?
How did you sleep last night?
Because it looks like not great.
Not super good actually.
It's afternoon, but it looks like we sort of shook you up after you woke up at
7.15 in the morning or so.
In a way.
I have been tossing and turning hitter than feather because I'm out of melatonin five.
Which is a sleep supplement you take.
See, that's the kind of bullshit we're like, if I was editing only an oral version of this,
I would have cut out that misstep, vocally.
But we can't because then the video's going to skip.
And that's just so now we're seeing scars in all, right?
This is not the perfection of the vision that I have for it.
If you're going to endeavor content or otherwise to create content,
make it as good as probable.
That was easy.
Oh, my new favorite one.
Yeah.
Number two is she.
We'll get to she.
Oh, that was six flags.
Someone said she at the start of one of the rollercoasters.
And surely everywhere people started chiming.
And it was great.
It's my favorite thing in the fucking world.
I mean, what a call in response.
What an absolute call in response.
And I think that it's basically calling back to a tribal way of life where there is this universal
language of celebratory or otherwise of joy.
And I think we need to harken.
I want to give a college lecture once in his life.
I want him to get in front of a lecture hall.
I just want to be precise.
Caleb and Shelby.
Shout out keeping records.
It's my new favorite.
I've been podcast checking out.
They did a bit on one of those shows with when Katie Kershaw is on.
And they were talking about how lectures always come late with a call for you that they didn't have time
to drink.
She's always like.
And so that's why it's like drink the coffee in the green.
Obviously.
Are you using the audio that I'm recording or the zoom audio for this?
The audio that you're recording.
Okay, because as dogs bark, I'm using myself on zoom.
But just know that it's leaking on to the sure audio.
Yeah.
So for sure.
For sure.
Yeah.
Yes.
Johnny.
Just check in about.
And now I'm worried about censoring because we're going to have to censor our mouths.
But let's check in to your kind of sexual escapats.
Because I think you've been sort of.
This is you censoring yourself.
Yeah.
You said I have to stop because I can't cut anything out.
I feel like it was never made clear that that's what that censorship was.
So you immediately were going to have to censor.
Okay.
What I was going to say is that he's become sort of a jack-off of all trades.
No.
Don't say that.
Okay.
For Johnny.
Why would you say that?
Get off.
This is the worst place to.
Yeah.
All right.
So let's shout it home with your parents.
Yeah.
I'm my childhood home.
This is my parents bedroom.
I'm not going to talk about my sexual escapats.
My parents bedroom.
Yeah.
I could see your dad in the background.
Looking for shoes or something in that closet.
Yeah.
Let's talk after the jack-off spell.
You know that top and odd kind of gets your top off.
And get the olive spread?
Yes.
I think.
It's sort of an app.
Sure.
It's an any teaser.
It's an app.
So you can fat.
Say it.
You know you wanted to.
Think me got them to it and guess what else.
I will eat your ass.
Oh, sorry.
We can't have.
These are the fun.
What are we supposed to say after you played that clip?
Are we supposed to chuckle at it?
It's here at every time.
People were rousing me for the two podcasts that we put out last week that I was on.
Review review and headgun podcast on review review.
I didn't know the song 99 read balloons.
And people were like.
I'm read it talking about how there's gaps in my pop culture knowledge.
Which is probably true.
Which it is true.
But then I didn't know that this clip was from Grant Theft Auto San Andreas.
And it's only because I never played the story mode in Grant Theft Auto.
Did you guys play the story mode in Grant Theft Auto?
No.
I never played that game ever.
Not San Andreas though.
Yeah.
Four was fire.
I can't wait for six.
Four is good.
Five.
The goat obviously.
The goat.
Yeah.
Is it was fine.
No.
I just went over from your experiences with I think.
Yeah.
She's like an actual gamer.
And you, I guess, have never heard of really popular songs and clips from video games.
Yeah.
Why?
Stop playing the knock sound.
Please distract.
Thank you.
It feels like there's someone actually knocking.
Yeah.
Jeff, did you add the sound clip that I asked for?
Um, I didn't, but I'll do it right now.
As you talk amongst yourselves.
I mean, you don't have to.
God.
We clearly cut around this.
Yeah.
It wasn't a plea for you to do it now.
I was just asking if it would come up eventually.
No.
Let's just.
I know we're on videos.
So you're going to see me searching and people are going to be like,
like, this is a good podcast.
But you guys can fill the time.
And that's something that you guys only need to get better at.
I mean, or even on your show and we're going to get to this later.
I think that there's some things that you can improve on.
Johnny, you're killing me.
I don't respect you.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
What?
I don't respect your opinion.
What kind of a mere show?
I was going to go if I were you.
But you know what?
What about fashion wise?
I guess you have your pulse on what looks good stylistically.
But don't ever talk to me about my shows or anything like that.
You're not going to like the rest of this episode.
Because I have a whole segment.
Yeah.
I'm talking about yourselves.
I'm going to create the sound clip that Merika wanted to hear.
You're going to create it now.
In saying, no way.
I mean, what is your, how do you say?
It's podcast merch for a friend of mine.
So I had to give him that add a boy that shout out that, hey, how do you do?
And honestly, it was going to be sort of a subtle homage.
But then you asked me to lift it into frames.
So this is just an official absolute endorsement of the no-dong spotcast.
But they're nice dudes.
So I don't mind it.
Jeffrey, just go to the Soundboard clip now.
Let's just move on towards it.
I'm sure I have to edit it because it's came in a compilation video.
What's up?
I'm slapping it.
I can't afford you.
You didn't have to do this.
No, especially you want to make sure that this is happening because of Merika.
I texted him this on Friday.
Yeah.
That is true.
That is good.
I had the best weekend of my fucking life.
When do you do?
I do have to edit.
So you guys have to talk to yourself.
What do you, yeah, how did you have the best weekend of your life?
No.
I saw my first Broadway musical.
Wow.
Since the court went back.
Broadway's back.
Our tickets extra expensive because it's been away or like cheaper because some people don't want to go.
Depends on the show.
I think also a lot of the like discounted tickets.
Your lottery isn't stuff.
I seem like they're going to have more allotments of tickets.
So it's probably going to be a little easier to get cheap tickets.
That's the scoop.
My friend won the lottery for six.
So he went.
And it was very fun.
Is that new?
Yeah.
It didn't exist before quarantine.
It did.
It was.
Yeah, but it like hadn't.
I think quarantine happened the day before.
It was supposed to officially open.
So it wasn't considered for this year's Tony Awards, which were also on Sunday.
But it's great.
It's about the six wives of Henry VIII.
If they were like a pop girl group, like the spice girls.
And it's really fun.
I'm here.
How's it going?
Much less eventful than that.
I didn't see any Broadway musicals.
I didn't see anything at all.
I stated home.
I watched football.
We're dog sitting in extra dogs.
So I got two dogs instead of one.
And it feels like it's three times the work.
I mean, it's just like when you got two things interacting with each other.
Forget about it.
And once an older guy, they can't even jump on the couch.
He's whining.
I got to lift him up every time it goes anywhere.
We got diapers for the little dude.
Thankfully, he hasn't had to use him.
But it was definitely in play as he gets excited very easily.
Anxious, skittish, scared.
He's 15 plus.
So you know, and my god.
Humid years.
That's nine miles old.
Is it small?
He looks like my dog.
But even smaller and older.
They look like twins a little bit.
I wonder if I can share.
Put that picture on the screen.
I would have to say.
I'm just sharing.
And I'm just, I'm not going to do that.
Yeah, I could just put it up.
Yeah.
I'll turn your video.
I'm obviously not going to edit anything now.
What's that?
I'll turn your fucking video off if you try it out.
This is my show.
And I feel like you're not proceeding with veterans.
What are you talking about?
I'm being very nice.
That's true.
Sorry.
I was out of the loop for a while.
I was in the loop.
Yes.
I know you were editing.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I'm just nervous.
Oh, look at that.
Look at that.
Beautiful.
My dog and then an older, smaller version of my dog.
They're like little clones.
Just look like the visitor.
Yeah.
They get along.
That's cool.
Like an uncle and nephew.
Yeah.
Who's who?
Uh, the older dogs, the uncle.
I would make sense.
Obviously, Marika.
Yeah.
Just needed to clarify.
Let's, let's regroup here.
Right.
Let's just, okay.
Yeah.
I mean, are you finished editing?
Full steam ahead, right?
Yeah.
Very nice.
You abandoned us.
It's not like less.
This isn't a regroup.
You basically disappeared.
And then you're like, all right.
Let's fucking, let's get things back on track.
Let's get real back on track.
Do you really hold on track?
Absolutely full steam ahead.
Yeah.
You guys always get mad at me.
Okay.
I hate to copyright strike on this.
That one really hurt my ears.
Yeah.
Um, we have some segments to get to.
I think we should just get into it, right?
Yeah.
Let's do it.
Um, but not before.
Let's just get into them.
18 minutes in.
Let's just get into the second.
I think so.
Do you want to mention the live show or just sort of keep that to the end as well?
You're the one who always gets mad at me for plugging in the middle of a show.
But yeah, head gum podcast.
First ever live record.
New York.
Shitty.
Nice.
Um,
October 22nd.
7 p.m.
Will all be there?
Johnny's family will be there.
Yeah.
New York City.
Grammarcy theater.
October 22nd.
7 p.m.
Tickets are about over half sold out.
So if you're considering going, I would go get your tickets now.
The pit.
If you're listening to this, it's probably already sold out and now you have to go to the
back and load.
Ugh.
Uh, well, you're sort of, you're making it seem like they shouldn't buy tickets then.
You got it.
Don't dissuade the fan.
Well, it's just, uh, did you say swayed?
Don't dissuade the fans.
Should we do all swayed everything at the show?
No.
Where do you even buy swayed clothes anymore?
Top shop.
Rodney's closet.
Not.
All right.
We do have to take a quick break.
But we'll be right back after we thank some sponsors.
Guys, the NFL is back in action and so is winning season at my bookie.
With over $500,000 in contest prize money, winning season makes the big games better
in the victories, sweeter.
Head to my bookie.ag and choose from a variety of boosts, contests, and promotions
up for grabs, highlighted by the crown jewel of winning season, the famed my bookie super
contest.
It takes only $10 to enter.
You pick five games against the spread each week.
And each win earns you a point and each point gets you closer to the grand prize.
And if you missed out on the first couple of weeks, don't even sweat it because entries
are still open and all it takes is one solid week to get you back in the mix.
Don't just take my word for it.
Join now and start your winning season with my bookie today.
In order to get you started, make your first deposit at mybookie.ag and use promo code, what's
that?
To instantly receive double your first deposit.
So if you put $100 in, you get to play with $200.
That's an unbelievable deal.
I don't know how they're affording this.
That's double your money to double your winnings with your first ever deposit using promo
code.
What's that?
That anything, any time, anywhere with my bookie.
Thank you to RayCon for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, there's so much going on in the world.
Right?
I know that for me, it's stuff that I'm excited about, you know, getting back out there
doing live comedy shows, hanging out with my friends, but also stuff that I'd rather
not think about.
Like, a climate change, maybe?
I can't know what's control the vibes in the world, but you can control the vibe in
your head.
All right?
I'm talking about RayCon ear buds.
I got them right here.
RayCon sent me these.
I've been using them as opposed to the one, the other in ear pods that are wireless
that we all use and know about, and they've been honestly much more usable and much
much more me friendly, let's say.
I wear them when I bike to work, when I walk to work, sometimes and when I work out, when
I work out it's huge because they really stay in your ear and they're different sized
little gummy things that keep them in there.
So whether you're trying to pump up, wind down, work, or work out, like I was saying,
RayCon's are the go-to for on the go audio.
That wasn't meant to rhyme, but I wanted it too.
And these are the everyday ear buds and they look feel and sound better than ever.
They have an improved rubber, oil, look and feel, you can kind of see the finishing on
here.
It's very high quality, as you guys know that I'm a watch nerd, I really appreciate
good finishing.
You get three new sound profiles, which is also awesome, and I make sure that everything
sounds its best with just the right amount of base, which obviously is very important for
speakers or headphones, et cetera.
There's pure mode, which is for podcast listening, blues, instrumental music, et cetera.
There's balanced mode, which is also for podcast listening, but it boosts a little bit
of the treble, rock and heavy rock slash metal.
I use that for listening to the dead music.
You can actually see my tape collection right there, which is not, there's no way for me
to listen to the tapes through here, but you don't know what I mean, love the dead.
And base mode for hip hop, EDM, reggae, et cetera.
There's also an all-new awareness mode for when you need to listen to your surroundings
instead.
I haven't checked that out yet, I should.
And they also offer eight hours of playtime with a 32-hour battery life, so this thing,
if you charge it once, it's good for the whole week, at least in my experience.
There's also a built-in mic, and you can take calls in your earbuds at the press of a
button, and they also, these start at half the price of competing brands.
They also come good with a 45-day happiness guarantee, so you have nothing to lose with
Raycons.
Go for it.
And right now, head-gum podcast listeners get 15% off their order at buyraycon.com slash what's
that?
That's buyraycon.com slash what's that?
To get 15% off your order of Raycons.
One more time, that's buyraycon.com slash what's that?
Thanks Raycon.
That's the one you chose.
Which one did you want?
Oh my god.
I asked Jeff.
Don't recommend anything else, because we'll spend four minutes in the show.
What editing it?
I told Jeff that he should add the Hannah Montana transitions.
That's what this is.
I know, but it's not like obvious a lot.
Which sing the obvious one, I don't, because I just, whoa, whoa, yeah.
Like that one.
All right.
I know I said that we can't edit this very time, but that one I'm going to cut.
That one I'm going to cut, because that was, I might ears are bleeding.
Absolutely my eyes are so rude.
You're so rude.
I want to say fun and games.
You're so angry saying this is all fun and games.
All right, we do have to move on.
Here we go.
Fucking.
Where's the song?
Surely great, then I really want to see what we have to do during this one minute
long sound clip.
And Jeff's not even dancing anymore, as I'm here to stay as selfie.
I know he's during the song.
Welcome to Mandate or Nah.
Zero response as well as zero sounds.
Which you control the sound work.
You could have applauded yourself.
Okay.
Listen.
This tyrant that we have in office, this fucking communist,
Joe Grampy Biden isn't trying to get me to get the fucking prick.
He's a prick, prick.
So this is Mandate or Nah.
This is Mandate or Nah.
Biden is mandating this fucking microchip sauce that they're trying to put into me.
Okay, correct, but keep going.
I'm not going to stand for it.
I think we need to draw some equivalencies to fucking prove to these liberal
cucks that this is crazy.
I mean, you can't make me get it.
You can't.
And I'm going to tell him to prove it here.
I really am.
All right.
It's gross.
What?
I think we need to wax about other things that what if they mandated, what if they
mandated Jordan's to wear, to wear, daily, or yeah, sort of your daily drivers.
It's fine.
They're like comfortable shoes, I guess.
Yeah.
You're going to be free.
I guess so.
Yeah, because the vaccine is free.
Sounds great.
Yeah, sure.
Okay.
Well, that's a bad example.
What if they mandated everybody this weekend has to take somebody they care
about to dinner on the government's dollar and that's great.
That's great.
Really nice.
Yeah.
That's V2.
That is set on the government's time.
Yeah.
It would all be on.
All of these would be free because the vaccine seems to be free because you
can kind of walk in and get it anyway.
Yeah, I love it.
Yeah.
Really.
Okay.
I got up the ante here for a second.
I guess we got to get let's get medical sleep better before it shows what
if I go with me for a second because this is what it's going to get your guys passes.
What if it was mandated everyone goes and gets a physical on the government's dime.
Great.
That'd be nice.
People would catch some stuff there.
Pretty health care.
Probably passing, you know, down the line.
Okay.
I might get it then.
The um.
The back.
The back scene or the physical both because I fear that's good.
So my creepy bones are due to like a calcium deficiency of sorts.
Yep.
Yeah.
You can see that.
You look a little shallow today and maybe we thought I was going to be a black of sleep.
Game over.
That one's done just so we all know and I'm not going to do the song again.
But it's over because we have to move on.
Okay.
What are we moving on to?
Sorry.
I just found a demo.
Here we go.
Don't break it.
Welcome to the price of right.
There we go.
Sorry.
One second.
Do you know that we did play this game?
No.
This is different.
The price of right.
This is the price of right.
Just give me a fucking minute.
Yeah.
There we go.
No.
The price of right.
Oh.
Are you guys seeing this?
Oh, we really are.
All right.
This is the price of right.
Turn off.
Yeah.
Welcome to the price of right.
I can't like track of any of the shit on my desktop.
You're like everybody's out to get me today.
You look like you're extra paranoid.
It's like your problem.
You can't keep track of your shit.
All right.
Here we go.
This is the price of right.
Basically, I'm going to show some products from right.
For those only listening to the oral version of this.
But luckily, we do have some visual listeners and viewers.
I should say watching along here who are seeing these products on the screen live on air.
So prices right rules.
And we're just going to go through some right aid products and see if you guys can kind of know what they cost.
All right.
Right aid.
Hydrogen peroxide topical solution.
How many ounces?
This is going to be the full court.
The 32 fluid.
Yeah.
198.
Really.
Wow.
What do we do?
Absolutely.
Yes.
How are you fucking doing?
I'm good.
Okay.
Yeah.
And we're closest without going over.
It's closest not going over.
Yeah.
I'll go above both of those things and say.
8.
99.
Very good.
Is.
Yeah.
Of course.
Incorrect.
Wow.
I almost said 99, but I thought that was too low for the court.
I thought it would be like 16 ounce.
That's cheaper than water.
Yeah.
Which is kind of shocking.
Truly cheaper than water.
How is a chemical cheaper than water?
That doesn't make sense.
Did you ever?
Water is too chemicals.
Hydrogen.
Nice.
Dioxide.
That's a good.
So.
This is grumpy.
Although the hydrogen peroxide is probably more than one chemical too.
So I guess price per molecule you're getting the best.
I really should start drinking this.
Let's read the review.
Because it has one review.
Yep.
Great product.
Great price.
I mean, you're not being it.
There's no way they're making a profit from this.
The bottle alone.
Plus the packaging.
Getting it to the store.
This is a loss.
They call it.
Sorry.
This says the review says we used to get blood of cloth.
It is amazing at taking out protein stains.
Yeah.
That's unfortunate.
But you know, Brian is dealing with his own shit, I guess.
What's unfortunate is you.
How?
Let's fucking move on.
Here we go.
Okay.
We're having fun.
We're doing work.
The next product is.
True North almond pecan crunch.
Three, ninety nine.
Now we're like veering off into that we were trader Joe's game that you play.
Which I would have loved to play.
I'm really upset that I didn't get to play that.
I'm a trader Joe snack master.
Yeah.
Were some of those new to you or did you all?
Did you know those all?
Some of them were new, but I knew a lot of them.
Did you know the grilled chicken in a bag or whatever?
That one is I did not know.
Okay.
I used to for my old job.
I used to have to go to trader Joe's every week and get four shopping carts worth of food
and check out.
Yeah.
And like a shopping cart full of milk and check out.
And then like go back and it would get delivered later.
So I know a lot of the trader Joe snacks.
Yeah.
Johnny participates.
Jesus.
Talk on the mic or don't do the show.
We can still go on and on about.
What's your?
Whoa.
What?
What the?
What can I do?
Break us up here.
This is what he fucking wants.
All right.
We're trying to sell this.
Go ahead.
We're going to sell this.
Okay.
And the way you said that is worthy of.
That.
God.
That's.
And that mirror.
Let's get your vote in.
I'll go higher than both of those things.
And say 549.
Break it saves that it.
Wow.
Oh Johnny.
Does Johnny win?
Because he got it exactly.
Wait Johnny.
You said 299.
I thought you said 499.
No.
I didn't say 4.
Can we get a number crunch on that?
What am I crunching there?
It's right here.
I told you, I gave up my point to Johnny.
Okay, and we should say that this is,
it's price is right rules and if you go over you lose,
but it's also price is price of right rules
where for everyone you get right, you get that cash.
So Johnny's winning with $2.99.
Here we go.
Great.
The next product is,
joy and trampoline.
This is sprinkler.
What?
It's a sprinkler.
But you put on your trampoline.
Or some shit, yeah.
I don't think you put it on a trampoline.
I'm pretty sure that it, like,
you click on that image at the bottom.
We could see other images.
Yeah, let's see this.
Oh, yeah, I guess it does.
Oh, there you go.
There you go.
Yeah, I'm familiar with this.
Yeah, it's fun.
That's a lot of fun for kids.
So dangerous.
Yeah.
I'm going to go.
Well, Marika should always get first.
It puts you at a disadvantage.
Yeah, yeah.
I'll switch the order.
So I'll go first this time.
Not that I've actually used the last bit to my advantage
because I've always overcasted it.
So I would say something like one thing.
And then I'll divide it in half because right
eight is the fucking, I guess,
goat of affordable shopping and say $12.99.
All right.
1999.
As in, let's party like it's 1995.
No.
Johnny, get your guns.
Let's fucking do it.
I'm going to say 16.99.
Something that dangerous is going to be cheap.
Marina.
Texas.
Wow.
This one is more expensive than I thought.
Yeah.
I mean, this is what you might as well
just get 40 hydrogen peroxide bottles, right?
Here we go.
Same price.
The next the next fucking item is a very
chuggy home decor item for fall.
It's a cartoon fox.
And it says, it's a sign.
And it says, thank gourd.
It's sweater weather.
So Johnny, first this time.
Let's go Johnny Villa first.
All right.
I'm going to shoot for
$6.99.
Okay.
Ricky, you want to go?
All right.
You know, it's a little harder to go second.
So I'll say $8.99.
I'll say $9.99.
Mm.
All wrong.
$3.99.
I was right on the right way.
It's on the right regular price.
Wow.
I know my chuggy items.
Yeah.
All right.
And the next item is...
Joven sex appeal for men fragrance to wear.
Oh.
Well, what is that fragrance time?
I'm going joven tonight.
What's that?
Joven.
It's sex to the hydrogen peroxide.
A European dance pops.
Anthem comes out.
And you just kind of shit me.
That's the commercial version.
On the package says sex appeal.
Now you don't have to be born with it.
The bottom line says men can never have enough.
Everybody.
Let's go.
Joven sex appeal for men.
I have no clue, but I will guess $9.99.
All right.
$8.99.
Mm-hmm.
Such a yellow cologne.
That's the joven difference.
It's like a neutrogenous soap.
It contains...
It's body gels.
Yeah.
It's as thick as shampoo.
That you have to sort of...
Lather on your neck and face.
Yeah.
It's amber.
Are you okay, Jeff?
What is that?
What do you microdress in there?
Yeah.
Post-lacic drops.
Johnny, let's get your answer in.
We're gonna say...
17.
All right.
Oh, it's going high.
And the winner is...
Amir.
Nice.
So...
Marika's winning with 1999.
Amir has 1539.
And I think Johnny has like 299 or some worship.
The next item is...
Cous...
Caltrade.
Bone Health Minis.
Give me anything.
Yes.
The old ones I found a little bit too large.
Yeah.
And in charge.
You need to take two of them though.
So it amounts to the same amount of...
Caltrade pills are big.
All right.
That's someone that has a hard time swallowing pills.
Yeah.
Right.
And that's another one.
I'm also like...
Are you usually rough?
Yeah.
You didn't have to say that.
I was gonna say that.
Caltrade pills are usually...
They're never like a gel tab.
Yeah.
It's always that rough sort of...
And for some reason you have to take three of them.
That's a little too big.
Yeah.
Actually, the Caltrade Minis sound like a really good one.
And I picked these up at Rade.
Might have to cut.
All right.
Who's going first?
Um, I'll go.
Yeah.
I'll go 1349.
Ooh.
That's a pretty safe bet.
Not really.
Sorry.
You said it yourself, no one to self edit, right?
Okay.
I'm a fucking mystro.
I'll go sick.
This is due to malle conducting the L.A.
I'm gonna fail sometimes.
Yeah.
I was gonna say 649.
I'm a fucking mystro.
I'll go sick.
This is due to malle conducting the L.A.
Fail sometimes.
Yeah.
I was gonna say 649.
I'm gonna say 649.
fucking maniac
and the origins of grandeur
no i have delusions of blanger
meaning
meaning if i was a monster of this show that's not even that much
it's like dream bigger if you're going to be delusional
yeah america already yes i guess i'm on it john
yeah i'll guess
uh
these are 150 tablets they're also easy to swallow
so i'm going to go for 18
wow big boy bet
you're all wrong
it was twelve ninety nine
i said it's forty nine
you said it's forty nine
yes
holy shit
that's a beer
literally the highest of that
actually kind of
the head
uh
no i'm here's in the lead with twenty eight
dollars ish
the next product is the satisfying
groove
bullet vibrator
can we see the packaging
yeah
kind of
all of that's trendy
kind of fancy
imagine pulling up to right a
you get the bullet groove
and a bottle of joven
ha ha ha ha
johnny
yes
faster we have another segment
to get to the right
you have to sort of like guide it
as the MC
first guest
yes
and remember it's like johnny
tell him what he's won
you got a Johnny on the zoom right now
you got to use the catchphrase
actually download it
edit it
and put it in
sound of course
well i sort of wax and wane
about the potential cost of a bullet
groove vibrator
this is well no johnny you should
really be the one to know that i feel like
you would know this of all people
in terms of like
a voracious sex life
okay i feel like the sex appeal
plus this bullet vibrator will total
fifty dollars
so i'm going to stick with
thirty five
i don't even know the price but it's nothing
not that let's get america on the horn
uh i'll go
twenty nine ninety nine
that's a good guess i'm here
to say dollar
nineteen dollars and ninety nine cents
thank you right
a mirror
actually we're all wrong
board of
then expected
while
twelve ninety nine
Okay, Johnny go fast fast fast, but it's fun. It is going to be a charge
It's gonna be $7.99. All right, I'm here. $15.00 even a mere got it
Wow
Quitting is expensive. So now I'm your you're up to $78 dollars four here we go
Fibrators for that
Same fire on T-GLE trainer. Okay, now we know they're cheap. They're basically Ben Wobbaugh's
Speaking speak of the fucking devil Billy Skiffier. You're just downed me should we call should we phone a bill? No
No
Wait, why speak of the bill? You're asking you we should we should we should prolong the segment that you're asking us to speed up with
Billy got mad at me because I
Insinuated that he should buy Ben Wobbaugh's for his betroth
Fast, Johnny. Guess 12.99. I'm here
It looks like just plastic so I'll go $7.99. Oh, so I was gonna say where you go?
$7.98
That's gonna be Marie actually Johnny got it. Oh, let's go
Oh my, he was the two count. It's because it's the two count. Mm-hmm
And finally she's eggs in
Well, which is great nice. Well, just grape juice. Yubish
You're going through some shit right now
It is $2.99. Oh, wait, no, it's not
Like 348
I'll dare you
I'll go $5.50
That's wrong
It doesn't matter because this whole thing was winter takes gall
Amir wins with 78
Fuckin' Euro
Let me Venmo your ass
Do not because then I have to return it and it's just to work for me everything you give me is a responsibility
But what about the the fucking chowder?
Yeah, the chowder was annoying too. My garage smelled like fish for a week
Game over
That was easy
Fog corn
Leg horn
What about fog corn leg corn? Is that it?
Is that sex segment wise?
No
We have look we have eight minutes three of that's going to be the segments we're going to get
Third fast and then we're going to do plugs got it now we have an outline video
People know what to expect we're not going to go past an hour because guess what that's being
Greed a little bit gratuitous it's being a little bit fucking
Selfish it's being a little prolonging you just go to the next segment. Okay, please that's right
That was this is a head gum original
Oh, wait, I didn't introduce it at all um was that my voice so
I'm here I think that a lot of people would agree that you're a funny guy
You know comedy's been your medium of choice to you know ultimately
Guide others through turmoil and
Like we were talking about earlier be a beacon of joy and I think that
No one's without fault is my take
So I think we're going to go through if if this is okay with you
I thought we could go through this week's if I were you and just kind of give you notes on your performance
Out of line out of turn
unnecessary
slanderous
odious
angry means fear to the bad
um
Let's hear it
Thank you to square space for sponsoring this episode of our show
I don't want to give them free out space. Yeah, all right. So it's the addiction fees. You can
Fashionally yeah, calm is it so you're you're just just scrubbing through it randomly not necessarily here we go here we go
Yeah, we have we have one minute left to do the yeah, wow
I really thought he was I wish I thought it was Scottish. I thought he was a Scottsman. Yeah, yeah
This is sorry. We stopped yep and insanely confusing two of us on this show are in that show
Sounds like there are six people on the zoom now and two people up here twice or something
That is not we can do another on next week's head gun podcast. We can critique this episode all right
What we're doing right now is critiquing your performance specifically on if I were you we were only a minute and a half left to do this
Let's get him to the end
Yeah, I know why it's an accident
He did yeah, so he it's like this opposite thing where usually you can't hear the accent until you're talking
You could only hear the accent when he was singing and not when he was interesting did he have an accent when he was talking?
It's good so far. I know because I'll give you that
So why are you sitting and it was just what's the point in this then if it's good you're just listening to an episode saying it's fine so far
That's not a note
It's not so rare so like you
In theory should know this I had a time you should know where the weak points why do you think I
brought this up because there were some weak points that kind of kept me out you're saying that I didn't sleep well
It's only one of few things that kept me out. Where are they what?
Where are they don't listen to the whole up?
It's so out of time. This is the worst
We have forty five like he's golden child
On one twenty twenty two and oh my god, you're over the hill. What have you had?
So we're all over 22 talentless hacks
That's what both of you. I think we're all over talentless hacks the both of you. That's really funny
Because I saw the Jake and we were NFTs episode and it's actually
Not pleasing to the ears and I really that's the that's
Here's my first note. You don't know when to insert yourself and then you don't know when to not insert yourself
You don't I mean like it's exactly what Johnny was talking about with self editing knowing when to chime in and when to sort of not
Yeah
Two minutes is up we have to do plugs
Right
So you just wanted to play it say that your bits were funny
Not even a little bit so it was like the first 30 seconds which was Jeff insulting you guys
Yeah, so
Yeah, kind of mad on the way
Yeah
Don't say yeah like you accomplished some plugs
We accomplished what might go down in headgump podcast history as the most irritating sour
So no now and at the end of that
It's our
Yeah, it's getting sour
Let's go down the line. Maria what do you have to plug? What do you want to point the people to the floor is yours go?
Obviously had come live yeah October 22nd and 23rd
7 p.m. for our show on the 22nd there's also a high-end mighty on the 23rd
Believe doughboys and that potters sold out but get tickets to the other ones and come hang out
There's a new headgump podcast a good cry that dropped
On the 20th or on the 30th so the day before this comes out and you should listen to it for our
step-as-a-sode with Stephen Colbert
It'll be really great really excited
So subscribe to that
And otherwise
Follow me on Instagram and Twitter at Marie-K-Lon
Cool
I'm here yeah headgump.com slash live
Not very many great seats left and we look forward to seeing you all there
I mean it's gonna be an insane lot you think there's a lot of pressure on this show
wait till you hear what Jeff has cooking for the live it's gonna be
It's gonna be like oh my god, how did they pull that off?
I'm swear I don't even say that much. Oh yeah
Well I get nervous between the singing the dancing and yeah
Until the camera's in together. What's gonna be crazy way I have to hire a choir
So I hear H.O. I are a choir. That's the H.O. I are
That's right. We'll see you there. Go Johnny. Yeah, headgump live 22nd
23rd as well come through we got to buy those tickets ASAP ASAP
ASAP God bye bye bye
Also, I wanted to give a quick shout out to squid game. I haven't seen it but I heard many good things about it
No, I'm follow squid game it's on Netflix
Yeah, nice
Squids
At Jeffrey James on Instagram at Jeffway already on Twitter headgump podcast live October 22nd 7pm
Grammarcy theater over halfway sold out so get your tickets before they're gone and it's gonna be an unbelievable time all around
Marie can I have to go to meetings at 1pm such 4pm eastern so we are gonna sign off if you're watching this on video
uh
Thank you
I appreciate it and share with your friends obviously we're gonna clip some of these out and if you could if you could actually share with your friends
Really show and that actually I would mean a lot to me actually in a certain way because it's not desperate no it's not desperate
It's just like this is sort of like my world
You'll find dogs
No, we do have to in the show
What do we say if we don't do catch on the flip these or what is it? Oh, uh, that's dogs folks
It's kind of funny
Kind of yeah
Horrible ending or story oh
You
That was a hit them original